Module name: altera_reset_controller.

Module specification: 
The altera_reset_controller module is a highly configurable RTL design serving as a reset controller, managing and synchronizing reset signals in the hardware. 
Its inputs include up to 16 individual reset and reset request signals, a clock signal, and a number parameters that define the behavior and configuration of the module itself. 
These parameters govern the number of reset signals, whether to use a reset request input for each reset, the number of edges to synchronize, depths on synchronization, wait times, early de-assert times and adaptive reset requests. The reset inputs are hardware reset signals sources while the reset request inputs serve as request signals for each reset input. The clock signal times the synchronous behavior of the module.
The outputs of this module are a synchronized reset signal and a reset request that merge the input signals based on certain configurations.
Further, there are a string of internal signals and parameters that guide the behavior of the module. These include, but are not limited to, parameters that check if the output reset is asynchronous, some parameters and signals for various timing calculations, a unified reset and request reset signal, pre-final stage output reset and request reset processing signals and a series of logic and synchronization registers.
The code is segmented into various blocks with the initial part of the code setting up these inputs, parameters and internal signals. This is followed by logic that merges the reset and reset request inputs, then the synchronization of the reset and reset request inputs. The process of generating pre-final stage output signals, the final stage of computation of the output reset and request signals based on multiple parameters and dependencies with complex synchronization logic is done next. The logic of output reset is further enhanced and developed in the next stages if there is no RESET_REQUEST_PRESENT or for adaptive reset requests scenario. This intricate process ensures the accurate synchronization and triggering of reset signals for systems with multiple sources of potential reset triggers.