Module name: four_bit_UniversalShiftRegister and stimulus. 

Module specification: 

The four_bit_UniversalShiftRegister is a module in a Verilog system that implements a four-bit universal shift register. The functionality includes different types of operations based on the state of control inputs c1 and c0, and if enabled by the signal 'enb'. It either does nothing, shifts right with serial input at the leftmost bit from 'sri', shifts left with serial input at the rightmost bit from 'sli', or performs parallel load operation on a 4-bit input named 'in'. The final output is a four-bit result, assigned from four internal signals (tempo1, tempo2, tempo3, tempo4). 

The input ports for this module include a 4-bit 'in', a clock signal 'clk', an enable signal 'enb', left and right shift inputs 'sli' and 'sri', and two control signals 'c0' and 'c1'. The output port is a 4-bit 'out', which presents the result of each operation at the end of a clock cycle. Internally, this module uses 'tempo1' to 'tempo4' signals to temporarily store the intermediate values during the shift or load operation.

Parallelly, the 'stimulus' module acts as a testbench for the 'four_bit_UniversalShiftRegister' module. It initializes and manipulates different input signals of the register and tests its reaction. The register's output is displayed for each input signal combination. No explicit input or output ports are mentioned as it is a testbench. The internal signals include a 4-bit register 'IN', a 4-bit wire 'OUT', two control signals 'C0' and 'C1', 'CLK', 'ENB' and left and right shift signals 'SLI' and 'SRI' performing specific functions in line with the register module they are testing. 

The code in these modules is organized into different sections doing impeccable tasks: initial blocks initialize the input signals; always blocks create a time delay or perform the shift/load operations on the input data during the positive edge of the clock if enabled, and assign the output from temporary storage. The $display functions in 'stimulus' are used for displaying the output for each input test case.